hello very good to all mechanics and
Welcome to the fourth episode of
tutorial in which I will show you how
attack the earth how to do how
perform ground attacks and how
defend you from land if you are
fixing whatever and well let's
start with the basic attack that is
makes a tank and well I recommend the
my fought because it's the best there
now and you see this as good as
is you launch the same guided and you finish
with a machine gun loader in case
you want to finish it or whatever since
now after the update then
well they are not very strong
the missiles guided the pods do not you the
I recommend because they are useless
absolutely nothing has very little
force and only serves for objects that
beiges or that have marked you with the
guide emission although you do not kill them so
least you can set the objectives as
you are watching and this also serves to
infantry and that and well now I'm going to
show how
if they are setting you like this for the
surroundings of what the tank is and so
what you can use is attacks
quick as lightning attacks that are
they usually call or they do not sound wind
they made lightning attack that
just fixed launch missile and you go
running because if they are fixing you like this
it is quite dangerous and if necessary
the flares and you leave the map and
it is no longer needed more nothing
the missile goes only you set spear and
if you leave the place and it is already not us
risk jsa to hit him with the
machine gun because if it's not going to give us
time to escape and they will throw you another
stinger and then they will disable you
and they are going to kill you
let's see another another occasion if the
tank is at its base or in an area
where there are many enemies for the best
is what I have done now that is
basically leave but good if you are
coming from the enemy base or so what
better is a quick attack your daughter and
fast missile guided maximum speed
you are going to give to another point of the ball map
it is very very low as low as possible for
the low radar so that they fix us and already
is that is a basic attack on this
well now let's see what would happen if
they are fixing with soflamas in the
third position of the tank are
arriving with stingers or if you are
firing the base aerial anti
enemy because warns caught the
enemies in their base and they can not get out
so that we kill the antiaircraft
Well, what you can do is simply
at the maximum height then imagine another
is at the maximum but without staying
caught in the sky very carefully
you just set bomb and follow
flying high because at that height we are going
to be able to fix with stinger or anything
so that 's what the only thing that
you can do if you have everything against
your in the game of that is the only thing
what can you do to catch me is the guided
dedicated but from a great height
fix fix and shoot and you're done and good
here I am going to show you this is an example
of what you do not have to do I repeat
you have to do that is to fly very very
low at very low speed and managers
in front against a tank or against a
Soldier because maybe he hits you
cannon shot you a rpg or whatever and
it destroys you completely in an instant
then I recommend an average height
very high or very low and that and you attack
well here we are going to see cars cars
they are quite weak but now with
update with a missile do not kill them
so what you have to do is
launch a missile and hit some shots
with the machine gun and I 'll kill him
because with a missile the only thing that you are going
to do is disable it, I know that
It seems stupid because they have no
doors or windows but good is this way the
battlefield is super realistic so
Now here I'll show you how
attack infantry as I said before
in my guides the most useful because you have
the camera is there and although you will not have
no missile at least serves you to
sight enemies and then here I have
seen my partner a great friend who
is helping me in this tutorial and
Well he killed it but it does not come out because
the game is still running and
there I kill him and he throws me a style and
The best you can do is go a little
down to dodge it and throw
flares and oh you see and you go here if you
they are fixing and you do not know where it is
where is the soldier what can you
do is several passes for different
map points for more or less
visit him because here in maintains a
extinguish but for example if here step
in the middle of the map and they are not
fixing or anything then I already know that the
uncle will not be in the middle of the map
because now he can not fix me
then and now I pass imagine that
you do not see it with the same day or whatever
if now I pass through the enemy base and I
are fixing that means that the
enemy is in the enemy base with the
stinger then do not pass by there
avoid going through there already and if
You see then kill him try to kill him
and good in the last case we have
here this is like turning on a blow
good and a use flan they usually put in
the mountains or in the buildings in the
roofs like this in obvious positions but
good if you do not see it fly very low
for the low radar and all that and if you see
a red light that is the soft land or in the
third position of a tank gives me
Like what you see what to do is fly very
high to a very high height so that the
soplán angle does not give and if sometimes
you can destroy him with him
day of the show flan but as if you can not
you kill the sniper who will be near
they are usually close by, kill him and
is already there and so when it reappears
disappears the blow and all that and good
up to here the tutorial until the
next video